---
tags: 
создал заметку: 2024-10-28
---
### Present Simple Passive

Present simple passive

Butter _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (make) form milk.  
	 *is made*


Oranges _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (import) from Brazil.  
	*are imported*


How often _ _ _ _ _ _ _ these rooms _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (clean)?
	*are / cleaned*


_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the documents _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (sign)? (question)
	*Have / been signed*


These houses _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (build) 100 years ago.
	*were built*


How often _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the windows _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (clean)?
	*are / cleaned*


Cars _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (produce) in this factory.
	*are produced*


The letter _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (send) last week.
	*was sent*


English _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (speak) in many countries around the world.
	*is spoken*


The concert _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (cancel) due to bad weather.
	*was canceled*


Vegetables _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (sell) in the local market every morning.
	*are sold*


I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ never _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (invite) to parties.
	*am / invited*




### Present Continuous Passive

Present Continuous Passive

The rooms _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (not/clean) at the moment. (negative)
	*are not being cleaned*


Make it Present Continuous Passive
Somebody is painting the door. (active)
	*The door is being painted.*



### Present Perfect Passive

Present Perfect Passive

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ this shirt _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ? (= has somebody washed it?)
	*Has / been washed*


Somebody has painted the door. (active)
	*The door has been painted.*


The letter _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (not/send) yet. (negative)
	*has not been sent*


I'm not going to the party. I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . (= nobody has invited me)
	*haven't been invited*


The books _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (return) to the library. (plural)
	*have been returned*


My key _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . (= somebody has stolen it)
	*has been stolen*


My keys _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . (=somebody has stolen them)
	*have been stolen*








### Past Simple Passive

Past Simple Passive

The documents _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (sign) by the manager.
	*were signed*


This house _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (build) 100 years ago.
	*was built*


The tickets _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (buy) yesterday.
	*were bought*






### Present Continuous Passive 
Present continuous passive

Several trees _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (cut) down in the park. (plural)
	*are being cut*


_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the walls _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (paint) right now? (question)
	*Are / being painted*




### Active To Passive

This sentence is active. Make it passive.
Somebody cleans the office every day.
	*The office is cleaned every day.*


The Mona Lisa was painted _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ in the early 16th century. (= Leonardo da Vinci painted it)
	*by Leonardo da Vinci*


Where _ _ _ _ _ he _ _ _ _ _ _ ?
He _ _ _ _ _ _ born in Osh in 1952.
	*was / born / was*


This sentence is active. Make it passive. 
Somebody cleaned the office yesterday.
	*The office was cleaned yesterday.*


The first printing press was invented _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ in the 15th century. (= Johannes Gutenberg invented it)
	*by Johannes Gutenberg*







### Past Simple

Past Simple (lose)
I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ my key last week.
	*lost*


Past Simple (see)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ you _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Saadat on Wednesday?
	*Did / see*


Past Simple (go)
Nagima _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ home ten minutes ago.
	*went*


Past Simple (buy)
She _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ a new car last month.
	*bought*


Past Simple (eat)
I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ breakfast an hour ago.
	*ate*


Past Simple (read)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ you _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the book last night?
	*Did / read*


Past Simple (meet)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ she _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ him yesterday?
	*Did / meet*








### Past Perfect

Present Perfect (lose)
I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ my key. (=I can’t find it now)
	*have lost*


Present Perfect (see)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ you _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Saadat? (=Where is she now?)
	*Have / seen*


Present Perfect (eat)
I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ breakfast. (=I am not hungry now)
	*have eaten*


Present Perfect (buy)
She _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ a new car. (=She drives it now)
	*has bought*


Present Perfect (go)
Nagima _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ home. (=She is not here now)
	*has gone*


Present Perfect (read)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ you _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the book? (=Do you know the story now?)
	*Have / read*


Present Perfect (meet)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ she _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ him? (=Does she know him now?)
	*Has / met*